Good day to all in one of the past
I told the video what is definitely
and showed how to use it now
I will show how without nodes to
make your own main
The advantage of self-made is definitely in
tom we can make this size
which we need for making without
knots ki we need round pliers
pliers
and wire cutters as well as stainless elastic
the wire for that is very good
fits
wire for orthodontic appliances
diameter of 0 8 millimeters is wire
used in dentistry
proceed to manufacture first here
there are two options
wire length can be cut
right away
but it is possible but without nodes q straight on the uterus and
trim at the end I will use first
option so as not hank did not interfere cut
Immediately take somewhere centimeters 5 6 then
There is a length of this wire depends on
the size we need without key nodes that is
accordingly, the more bezuglovka we
want to make the longer should be
here is this wire
Now we take round pliers and bend one
end of wire
here we should have such a hook
then insert this hook again
round nose pliers and bend back only
the side
here
now our task is this one
hook
bend a little like tilt for
this we take thin pliers
and that's it, well, let's wait here.
got a little hook this long
here is this inversion so we will bite it off
so here
all this we got this one
front part now from this hook
retreat somewhere a centimeter and do here
such a loop again, we take
round nose pliers here fix and this end
raise up
wrap around and drop down here
slightly raised after which we
remains
trim the excess end and more accurately bite off
need to leave somewhere 12 millimeters here
so without knots to our ready here
see here in the picture
It seems now we will check it on
performance let's take a piece of cord
and try to wind it on without knots
everything
everything works everything keeps
thank you for your attention subscribe to
Our channel is watching a lot of interesting things.
video to new meetings